[WIP] Adding the Task Manager info to the UI doc (#13)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/web-console-guide/master.adoc

[id="configuring-the-instance-environment"]
== Configuring the instance environment

> You can configure the followiby using Task Managerng in *Administration* view:

Author: ```suggestion
You can configure the following in *Administration* view:
```

include::topics/mta-web-config-maven-credentials.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
include::topics/mta-web-config-proxy-credentials.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

> [id="configuring-repositoriesby using Task Manager"]

Author: ```suggestion
[id="configuring-repositories"]
```

* Tags (optional, chosen from a list)
* Owner (optional, chosen from a list)
* Contributors (optional, chosen from a list)

> * Source code (a path enteredby using Task Manager by the user)

Author: ```suggestion
*  Source code (a path entered by the user)
```
